README.md, before:

# PureBasic-CodeArchiv-Rebirth

After Sicro took over the project from GPI, the repository was completely revised:
* All commits now contain only changes that match the commit description
* Code categories renamed (adapted to the structure of the PB help)
* PB version removed from the code heads (all codes should always work with the latest PB version)
* PB settings at the bottom of the codes removed (changes in this area were always unimportant)
* Commits of old code versions were removed (it would have been too much work to adjust the old commits)
* Tools that help maintain the repository are removed on the "master" branch (these are later stored in the new orphaned "repo-dev" branch)
* ZIP-packed codes unpacked

Collaborators
* GPIforGit [GPI](http://www.purebasic.fr/german/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=27)
* tuebben [Kiffi](http://www.purebasic.fr/german/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=92)
* Imhotheb [Imhotheb](http://www.purebasic.fr/german/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=4347)
* SicroAtGit [Sicro](http://www.purebasic.fr/german/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=1028)

Commit message:

Add GPI thanks to the README

README.md, after:

# PureBasic-CodeArchiv-Rebirth

First, a huge thanks to GPI for his gigantic work. He started the project and added many codes.

After Sicro took over the project from GPI, the repository was completely revised:
* All commits now contain only changes that match the commit description
* Code categories renamed (adapted to the structure of the PB help)
* PB version removed from the code heads (all codes should always work with the latest PB version)
* PB settings at the bottom of the codes removed (changes in this area were always unimportant)
* Commits of old code versions were removed (it would have been too much work to adjust the old commits)
* Tools that help maintain the repository are removed on the "master" branch (these are later stored in the new orphaned "repo-dev" branch)
* ZIP-packed codes unpacked

Collaborators
* GPIforGit [GPI](http://www.purebasic.fr/german/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=27)
* tuebben [Kiffi](http://www.purebasic.fr/german/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=92)
* Imhotheb [Imhotheb](http://www.purebasic.fr/german/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=4347)
* SicroAtGit [Sicro](http://www.purebasic.fr/german/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=1028)
